5821	埃博拉疫情:来自现场的记录 Ebola Outbreak:Notes from the Field	此活动将用英文进行。8月8日，世界卫生组织宣告当前的埃博拉疫情为国际关注的突发公共卫生事件。2014年的埃博拉疫情是有史以来在多个国家最大规模的传播。来自美国疾病预防控制中心（CDC）的Caro Rao博士将为大家介绍该病毒的基本情况，说明其目前流行的情况以及她10月份在塞拉利昂抗击埃博拉疫情的亲身工作经历。Carol Rao博士自2009年一直是CDC国际新兴感染病毒项目中国区流行病部门主任。来北京前，她在CDC多个部门任职，包括职业健康，传染病以及感染控制。她研究过大量疫情爆发，如由于室内空气质量差而导致办公室人员之间的感染，，如上班族中室内空气质量差，卡特里娜飓风洪水后在新奥尔良影响健康的霉菌，与隐形眼镜护理液有关镰刀菌性角膜炎，医护人员之间感染H1N1，肯尼亚的裂谷热。饶博士本科毕业于加州大学伯克利分校。她在哈佛大学公共健康学院获得了科学硕士和博士学位。2005-2007年，她在CDC从事流行情报官工作。棋盘游戏Pandemic的人物-流行病学家的原型就是饶博士。本次活动要求提前预约，预约截止时间为12月22日上午10点：请发邮件到BACrsvp@state.gov，标题处注明“埃博拉”。请提供参加者的汉字全名。[请勿使用163.com 和126.com 邮箱，我们的系统可能会无法查收您的邮件。] 本活动向公众开放，不包括媒体。媒体如要采访北京美国中心的活动，须提前与美国使馆新闻处取得联系。This program will be offered in English.On August 8th, the World Health Organization declared the current Ebola outbreak a Public Health Emergency of International Concern.  The 2014 Ebola epidemic is the largest in history with widespread transmission in multiple countries.   Dr. Carol Rao of the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) will talk about the disease in general, describe the status of the current epidemic and share her personal experiences working on the Ebola response in Sierra Leone in October. Dr. Carol Rao has been the Epidemiology Section Chief at the CDC’s International Emerging Infections Program activities in China since 2009.  Prior to coming to Beijing, Dr. Rao worked at CDC in several different Divisions/Institutes, including occupational health, infectious diseases, and infection control. She has investigated a variety of outbreaks such as health effects of poor indoor air quality among office workers, mold in New Orleans after flooding from Hurricane Katrina, Fusarium keratitis associated with contact lens solution, H1N1 exposure among healthcare workers, and Rift Valley Fever in Kenya.  Dr. Rao received her undergraduate degree from UC Berkeley.  She received her Masters of Science and her Doctorate of Science from Harvard University, School of Public Health.  From 2005-2007, she was an Epidemic Intelligence Service Officer at CDC.  The character, Epidemiologist, for the board game Pandemic was based on Dr. Rao.RSVP is required. RSVP deadline is Dec 22, 10am. Please RSVP to BACrsvp@state.gov with subject “Ebola”. Please provide full name. Press inquiries about BAC events should be directed to the U.S. Embassy Press Office. *请记住携带有效身份证件进入北京美国中心。请此活动勿携带大包。 You must bring a valid photo ID in order to get into our Center. No large bags will be allowed into the Beijing American Center for this event. 出于安全原因，北京美国中心的工作人员保留拒绝任何人进入的权利。 For Security reasons, the BAC staff reserves the right to refuse entry to anyone. 地点：朝阳区呼家楼京广中心 2801室北京美国中心 Location：Jing Guang Center, Suite 2801, Hu Jia Lou, Chaoyang District. 交通：地铁: 10号6号线，呼家楼站，D出口 Directions: Metro Line 10 or 6, Hu Jia Lou Exit D, walk south one block to the JingGuang Center **如果您想通过邮件收到将来活动的通知，请关注北京美国中心的豆瓣网站: For more BAC event information, follow us on DOUBAN  现在人人网上也有北京美国中心了： NEW!! The BAC is now also on RENREN: 
