15664	瑞士独立新星—Bastian Baker	时间/Time: 2015年3月11日 21:00
门票/Ticket: 80(door)/60(presale)
地点/Venue: 黄昏黎明聚乐部 (DDC) 
地址/ADR: 北京市东城区美术馆后街山老胡同14号 
Shanlao Hutong NO. 14, Dongcheng District 
电话/Tel: 010-64078969 
邮箱/Mail: DuskDawnClub@gmail.com 
2011年1月，在短短的几个月的空间，他成功征服了公众，媒体甚至克劳德NOBS，蒙特勒爵士音乐节。他已经完全成功，因为他的第一场演唱会在2011年的首随想曲节在他的出现在蒙特勒的起飞阶段的3000名热情的观众面前。每个人都承认他的魅力，他的天使外观/声音和他的的才华。而Bastian Baker现象开始。然而，这个20岁的歌手，词曲作者没有让成功去到他的头上。相反，他是现实的，并说：“我不想只是一种时尚！
Music has always been a part of Bastian Baker life,even as a young boy when music wasn’t at the centre of his preoccupations, he lent his voice to a school choir. Today, at only 23, he already sings on Switzerland and Europe’s biggest stages with the self-confidence of experienced performers.
To find the first signs of his artistic destiny, a close look at his teen years must be taken; he had his own secret garden, accompanied by just a guitar and a pen. His first texts and his first chords date back to when he was 15, which already gave a glimpse of a possible breakthrough.  
It wasn’t long before coming. Discovered by Patrick Delarive, who decided to support him, the singer released a first single, “Lucky”, in 2011. Its success is a veritable explosion: the memorable pop-folk melodic lines are all over the radio. A new name, coming out of nowhere, is carving its way into the musical landscape; the young man writes, composes, arranges and produces his musical dreams. In April of the same year, his encounter with Claude Nobs, the late and missed founder of Montreux Jazz Festival, is an artistic and human revelation. As the young artist was performing in a bar in Zermatt, the great connoisseur recognized his talent and invited him on the off stage of his festival a few months later. In the meantime, the singer sharpens up his knives and impresses the crowds at other Swiss and French festivals.
The album that truly launched his career, “Tomorrow May Not Be Better”, was released in September 2011. It followed up with the success achieved by “Lucky”, while keeping the same artistic direction: mind-blowing melodic immediacy, strong voice and fine arrangements. The three singles “I’d Sing For You”, “Tomorrow May Not Be Better” and “Hallelujah” – a Leonard Cohen cover – were and still are big hits. In Switzerland, the album sold like hot cakes (45,000 copies sold), and it is also an export hit in France (35,000 copies sold) and Belgium (10,000 copies sold).
Bastian Baker hits the road, tours intensively, mixes with his public and enriches himself with countless encounters. Over two years, he performed hundreds of times. Among the list, very prestigious venues: Montreux Jazz Festival, Paleo Festival and Francofolies de la Rochelle.
￼
BASTIAN BAKER BIOGRAPHY
The most sparkling of them all is undoubtedly the Olympia of Paris in April 2013. The phenomenon intensifies with just as prestigious opening acts for Elton John, Bryan Adams, Johnny Hallyday and Mark Lanegan. While Bastian Baker has gained much recognition from his peer, he receives the compliments with much modesty.
In spite of his short career, he obtained numerous other praises and rewards. On the French TV show Taratata, and he enchanted the presenter, Nagui. He also won five Swiss Music Awards in three years and was elected Switzerland’s third favourite celebrity after a public vote during the 2012 and 2013 Swiss Awards. He performed at the NRJ Music Awards in 2013. The following two years after Bastian Baker’s first breakthrough have given him the opportunity to play at opposite sides of the globe; in Japan, Russia, USA and in Europe (England, Germany, France, Belgium). A musical journey that is bound to take him further.
The human and artistic capital accumulated during these long peregrinations have shaped and coloured the spirit of the new album “Too Old to Die Young”. 
(来自：http://www.douban.com/event/23670271/)
