7188	Leo《反转地心引力》	欢迎关注永乐票务戏剧小站： 
欢迎关注永乐戏剧微信：（微信搜索公众账号yonglexiju） 
不定期送出免费观剧门票呦(^__^) 
爱丁堡前沿展—LEO《反转地心引力》
时间： 2014.12.24 - 2014.12.27
场馆： 东宫影剧院
门票：50 100 180 280 380
票务代理：永乐票务 
在线订票： 
电话订票：4006-228-228
China Premiere!中国大陆首度巡演•爱丁堡前沿剧展独家邀约演出！
由德国变色龙剧院和加拿大Y2D剧院公司联合制作
Produced by Chameleon Theatre Productions and Y2D Productions,Inc.
Pushes the boundaries of our imagination.
——拓展了我们想象力的边界.
Engaging & imaginative…Unmissable.  
——从事与想象力相关职业的人，一定要看！
Leo, winner of multiple awards at the Edinburgh Festival Fringe 2011.
——LEO一举囊括了2011年爱丁堡艺穗节的众多奖项.
Escape with Leo into a world of the impossible！
和Leo一起，进入一个不可思议的世界！
被困在一间小黑屋里，看似无处可去。Leo开始测试这个世界的边界，他愉快地发现，原来他是个超人！ 可以像蜘蛛侠一样攀援墙壁，可以象舞蹈家一样在天花板上舞蹈，也可以象印象瑜珈大师一样在半空中打坐——只要能想象得到，就能做得到。
经过近10年的创作，Leo成功地挑战了自然法则——打破了万有引力定律。才华横溢的跨界舞者、演员、体操运动员托比亚斯•瓦格纳（同时也是这个作品最初的创作者），为我们提供了一次引人深思和转换视角的观演经验。
《反转地心引力》是最适合你和你的家人一起前往观看的剧目，你们将通过这个愉快、令人谅讶和深深感动的作品，来挑战自己的大脑和感受力。
Stuck in a room with seemingly nowhere to go, Leo tests the limits of his strange, new world and makes the delightful discovery that he is, in fact, superhuman. Leo can scale walls like Spiderman, dance on the ceiling like Fred Astaire and meditate in mid-air like an Indian guru. Over ten years in the making, Leo challenges the laws of nature. Breaking the rules of gravity as well as genre, multi-talented dancer, actor, trampolinist, gymnast and clown Tobias Wegner (also the show's creator) delivers a perplexing and perspective-bending experience.
You and your family will flip out over this funny, astonishing and deeply touching work that tricks brains and challenges senses.
LEO《反转地心引力》，是一个令你思维转折的、有趣的、超越现实的、令人惊讶的感人作品，它不仅挑战感官，也通过对现场表演和视频投影进行巧妙的实验与互动，为观众带来真实的穿越感。 整个表演过程中，它几乎让观众忘了哪个方向是上，哪个方向是下。
由蒙特利尔演员和导演丹尼尔•布里埃导演，源于托比亚斯•瓦格纳的创意，LEO在爱丁堡艺穗节赢得多个最重要的戏剧节奖项，其中包括“卡罗尔•坦珀”爱丁堡最佳剧目奖，“三周编辑部”大奖和“苏格兰人”艺穗节一等奖。从那以后，LEO就不断地以其炫目的演出震撼着观众和评论家，无论是纽约，还是柏林，蒙特利尔，伦敦，莫斯科，悉尼，以及世界各地的无数国家。
LEO is a mind-bending, funny, surreal, and surprisingly touching work that challenges the senses and tests perceptions of reality through the clever interplay of live performance and video projection.
LEO leaves audience members wondering which way is up and which way is down.
Directed by the Montreal actor and director Daniel Brière, and based on an original idea by Tobias Wegner, LEO won several major awards at the Edinburgh Fringe Festival including the Carol Tambor Best of Edinburgh Award, the Three Weeks Editors Award and the Scotsman Fringe First Award.
LEO has since gone on to dazzle audiences and critics in New York, Berlin,Montreal, London, Moscow, Sydney and in countries all around the world.
媒体评论
“地心引力奇观。” ——纽约时报
“Leo是一个戏弄你的眼睛、让你咧嘴大笑，并深深吸引你、 令人印象深刻的作品，持久而神奇。 ——纽约Time Out
“聪明，机智，并且极其动人。” ——英国先驱导报
“辉煌，有趣，又甜蜜 ” ——波士顿环球报
“趣味和诗意交织...... LEO，腾飞吧！” ——纽约邮报
“这是极不寻常的——在剧场里听到这么多孩子般的喘息声， 只是因为纯粹的高兴和惊讶。 Leo是送给那些双目无神者的最好养眼礼物。” ——纽约《村声》周报
"Gravity-defying spectacle."    The New York Times
"LEO is an eye-teasing, grin-inducing, deeply  impressive work of sustained absurdist magic."    Time Out New York
"Clever, witty and unexpectedly poignant."     The Herald, UK
"Brilliant, funny, and sweet"    The Boston Globe
"Alternately funny and poetic...LEO soars!"    New York Post
"It's unusual to hear so many child-like gasps of sheer delighted astonishment in a theater.LEO is a little eye candy for the jaded gaze."     Village Voice
主创团队
Directed by Daniel Brière Creative Producer Gregg Parks Original performer/idea by Tobias Wegner Set & Lighting Design Flavia Hevia Video Design Heiko Kalmbach Animation realized by Ingo Panke
Performers William Bonnet, Julian Schulze, Tobias Wegner
Produced by Y2D Productions (Montreal) in association with Chamäleon Productions (Berlin)
导演：丹尼尔•布瑞尔  创意监制：格雷格•帕克斯  原创及原创表演/托比亚斯•瓦格纳  布影及灯光设计：弗拉维亚•赫维亚  视频设计：黑克•卡尔姆巴赫  动画执行：英格•庞克
演员：威廉姆•伯尼特，朱利安•舒尔茨，托比亚斯•瓦格纳
制作：Y2D制作公司（蒙特利尔）与变色龙制作公司（柏林）联合制作
注意事项
a)演出详情仅供参考，具体信息以现场为准；
b)1.2米以下儿童谢绝入场，1.2米以上儿童需持票入场。
