15314	《觉》音乐+艺术节 呈现：法国电音精灵Emilie Simon	晚8点30 // 180元（现场）/ 150（预售） Pm 8:30 // Rmb 180 (door) / 150 (presale) 2003年以来，Emilie Simon一直是电子流行乐坛一位耀眼的女歌手。—— The IndependentEmilie Simon，一位兼具前卫冷冽与古典浪漫的法国创作歌手，同时也是作曲家兼制作人。凭借稚童般的迷人声线与北欧式漂浮电音，Emilie一出道便成为法国歌坛另类诡秘的电音精灵，被人们誉为“法国Bjork”。几年来，她辗转世界各地巡回演出，呈现场场售罄，一票难求的空前局面。 在阔别中国5年后的2015年3月，《觉》音乐+艺术节携手Emilie Simon重磅回归，在京沪两城展开巡演。Emilie从小接受正统音乐教育、科班出身的她于2003年发行首张同名专辑即一鸣惊人，获得法国格莱美之称的Victoires de la Musique电子音乐大奖，而她亲自为专辑设计封面并担当模特，露出被瓢虫爬满的裸背，意象鲜明而令人震撼。05年她受邀为奥斯卡获奖纪录片《帝企鹅日记》担当配乐，完美呈现了严峻寒冷的极地景色，一举拿下“最佳原声带奖”。06年，她推出以“植物”为主题的专辑《Vegetal》，带领我们再次走入那天马行空的幻想国度，聆听音乐的同时，又仿佛观赏了一幅绮丽画卷，完成了一次远足。而这张专辑让Emilie再一次捧回了“最佳电子音乐奖”。2008年，在获得无数荣耀和无休止的巡演后，这位法国女孩决定停下匆忙脚步，飞到自由之都美国纽约开始了悠长假期。她到不知名的小酒吧驻唱，崭新不同的环境成了她创作灵感的源泉。这些浸透了纽约生活点滴的歌曲，汇成了全新英文专辑《The Big Machine》。其中一首《Chinatown》，正是她被东方的神秘吸引，流连于中国城陌生街道时所写。她特意将中国传统乐器“柳琴”进行混音，展现了纽约中国城的诡秘风貌：“大厦底楼/中国医生在开刀/这是怎么回事？/欢迎来到唐人街……我有种感觉，唐人街什么都会发生……”2011年发行的专辑《Franky Knight》实则是Emilie对突然离世的未婚夫兼事业伙伴Francois的思念与哀悼，充满感伤。其中多首歌曲被选为法国女星Audrey Tautou主演电影《微妙爱情》的插曲。而2014年的全新大碟《Mue》，Emilie携手格莱美制作人David Kahne等多位乐坛制作老将，在她招牌式的欧风电音曲风中加入弦乐、铜管、打击乐等全新器乐元素，向世人展现她变化多端的音乐魔力，在带有复古色彩和极具韵味的作品里，可以看到八十年代英国女神Kate Bush的影子，亦继承了法国音乐教父Serge Gainsbourg的传统浪漫风情。相关链接：Emilie Simon官网： 《觉》音乐+艺术节 官方网站：《觉》官方微博：@觉音乐艺术节JUE | Music + Art PresentsEMILIE SIMON“She's been blazing the female electro-pop trail since 2003.” – The IndependentJUE | Music + Art is excited to welcome back the enigmatic French singer Emilie Simon to Shanghai and Beijing. With her unique mix of electronic, pop, and Bjork-like vocals, Simon has performed at sold-out shows across the world. Now, following on from her short tour in China in 2010, Emilie Simon is back to play for JUE audiences this March.  Surrounded by music from an early age, Emilie Simon won critical plaudits as early as 2003, when she recorded a debut album largely written, composed and produced by herself. The self-titled record, Émilie Simon, won Album of the Year at Victoires de la Musique, France’s most prestigious music award ceremony.Born in Montpellier in Southern France, Emilie grew up bathed in the Mediterranean sun and immersed in the sound of clarinets and electronic melodies.  Wishing to imbue her second album with a more wintry and polar vibe, she began to record sounds that related to coldness. Coincidentally, in the midst of her search for sounds for the album, she was contacted by film producer Luc Jacquet to compose the original soundtrack for his Oscar award-winning documentary film La Marche de l’empereur (March of the Penguins), concerning the annual migration of emperor penguins.In 2006, Emilie went on to triumph at the Victoires de la Musique ceremony once again, winning the award for the Best Original Film Soundtrack of the year.In 2009, Emilie started writing songs arranged for accompaniment on piano, rather than a computer. “I even forbade myself to go near a computer for a year and a half,” Emilie said, “I wanted to see what I was capable of without my usual comforts around me.” The result was a collection of sounds reflecting Emilie’s impression of New York City — an urban, black and white musical that became her most recent album, The Big Machine.  On this album, Emilie’s experimental inclination involved the clever use of traditional Chinese instruments - together with keyboards - as a vestige of her long stay in the heart of Chinatown.In 2011, the album Franky Night, (dedicated to her late fiancé) won her many more fans in France as most of the tracks were sung in French, as opposed to English. Her latest album, Mue, hit markets in 2014 and includes tracks like Chris Isaak’s “Wicked Games” cover, and other heartfelt songs featuring both English and French lyrics.   LinksJUE | Music + Art official website： Emilie Simon Official Website:  
(来自：http://www.douban.com/event/23604675/)
