15304	咖啡时光(仅限学生！) Student Coffee Hour (students only!)	此活动将用英文进行。你想和美国同学们通过喝咖啡聊天的方式联系英语吗？想问问关于美国的文化、教育和校园生活？欢迎2月6日下午3点来北京美国中心参加我们的学生咖啡时光活动。我们的美国同学们将回答各种大家提出的问题。我们将在2014-15学年为高三生和大学生举办咖啡时光活动，如果你这次不能参加，别担心！还有很多次机会参加！我们将在每次活动前几天贴出通知。名额有限，请提前预约，报名截止时间为2月6日上午10点：请发邮件到BACrsvp3@state.gov，标题处注明“咖啡时光 2-6”。请提供参加者的汉字全名以及学级。 [请勿使用163.com 和126.com 邮箱，我们的系统可能会无法查收您的邮件。] 我们的活动免费向高中三年级的学生和在校大学生开放，欢迎推荐给您的朋友、同事和同学。媒体如要采访北京美国中心的活动，须提前与美国使馆新闻处取得联系。This program will be offered in English. Do you want to chat with American students over coffee and practice your English? Want to ask questions about American culture, education, and campus life? Please join us for the BAC’s Student Coffee Hour on Friday, February 6, at 3:00pm. Our American student hosts can answer these and other questions you pose. We will be holding Student Coffee Hours throughout the 2014-2015 academic year, so if you are unable to come this time, don’t worry! There will be plenty of opportunities to join the fun! We will post an individual notice for each session as the date gets closer. SEATING IS LIMITED. PLEASE RSVP to BACrsvp3@state.gov with subject “Coffee Hour 02-06”. Please provide your full name and school grade. [Please note: users with addresses at @163.com and @126.com often have trouble sending to us.] This event is open to graduating high school seniors and college students. Please feel free to share this invitation with your friends.  Press inquiries about BAC events should be directed to the U.S. Embassy Press Office. 地点：朝阳区呼家楼京广中心 2801室北京美国中心 LOCATION: Beijing American Center, Jing Guang Center, Suite 2801, Hu Jia Lou, Chaoyang District. 交通：地铁10号，6号线，呼家楼站，D出口 METRO STOP: Line 10 and 6, Hu Jia Lou Exit D, walk south one block to the JingGuang Center *请记住携带有效身份证件进入北京美国中心。请此活动勿携带大包。 You must bring a valid photo ID in order to get into our Center. No large bags will be allowed into the Beijing American Center for this event. *北京美国中心的工作人员保留拒绝任何人进入的权利*。 The BAC staff reserves the right to refuse entry to anyone. **如果您想通过邮件收到将来活动的通知，请关注北京美国中心的豆瓣网站: For more BAC event information, follow us on DOUBAN  
(来自：http://www.douban.com/event/23624968/)
