15588	Zajia lab film platform | I Want to Become a Deputy to the NPC	Zajia lab film platform | 
Series of Folk Memory Image Project --- Director: Jia Zhitan
Planner：Zajia lab 
Support：Caochangdi workstation 
[ About Folk Memory Image Project] 
In 2010, a project named "Series of Folk Memory Image Project" began in Caochangdi workstation. There are about 20 people involved in this project, they went back to their villages and interviewed those old men in the villages about the " Three Years of Famine" between 1959 to 1961. What could we recall? How deep or how far would our memory stay? Not afraid to assert, but there is one thing for sure, memory has it's own value in these years which people used to forgot something. 
A group of people handling DV went into those villages, visited those old men who lived in simple and dim farmhouse, tried to record the memory deep in their heart. These villages are all related to those who hold DV, they might grown up in the village ( still live in there now such as farmer, or already left the village such as go to university or working in the city) , or their parents or grandparents live in the village, or the village had a relationship in their lives; and for most of the old men, this is the first time which people bought DV appeared in front of them, waiting for people to unfold their memory. These are the meetings between two generations of grandparent and grandson. There is one generation gap in between. There were some unexpected, complicated and sad stories... 
Other than villagers, there are freshman who profession in filming documentary,theatre or artistic creation become volunteer to go back to the villages and interview those old men. Some of the volunteer aged more than 60 years ole, but most of them were born “after 80" and "after 90" . There are only 21 people joined this project in the first year, and more and more after that. Until October 2012, there is a total of 130 people go back to the villages to interview old men, those 900 people who had been interviewed come from 17 provinces and 130 villages. The content of interview also extend to different historical period.
[The Director]
Jia Zhitan, he was born in 1951 in the yichang village, shimen county Hunan province and later becomes a farmer. He starts his film-making plan in the pasture working station. He has made the short film Stone Quarry and later finished five long documentary film such as My village 2006 , One Strike-Three Anti Campaign in Baiyun.
Filmography: My Village 2006, My Village 2007, My Village 2008
My Village 2009, Revolution in Baiyun Community
I Want to Become a Deputy to the NPC
Chinese/2012/Color/78min
Filmmaker’s words: 
"I am a farmer who has taken part in the film-making project in the pasture working station. I spent my eight-year pastime on making the documentary films. Shimen county where my village is located hold the general election.I thought I have been always giving my voice in represent of my countrymen and helping them solve the problems. Thus I am absolutely qualified to be elected as deputy to the NPC. So I initiate to take part in the election and wish this can become a platform for me to serve for the countrymen. The result is far beyond my expectation. Using the camera in my hand, I record this process of the citizens fighting for their legal rights." 
(来自：http://www.douban.com/event/23660615/)
