9015	电影：极地特快（2004) Film: Polar Express	此活动将用英文进行；影片将配英文字幕。
你曾经努力地去相信过什么吗？你想知道为什么在世界各地这么多孩子相信圣诞老人吗？你想更好地了解圣诞节的奇迹吗？
在圣诞节来临之际，北京美国中心将为大家放映根据Chris Van Allsburg 的同名儿童读物的电脑动画圣诞电影“极地特快”。由Robert Zemeckis执导，影片描绘了一个怀疑的男孩在圣诞节前夕登上了前往北极的神奇火车去证实他对圣诞节的信仰。这部电影的音乐被提名为多个电影奖项， 其中的特色歌曲“相信”获得了格莱美奖。
请来BAC观赏2014年的最后一场电影并一起庆祝圣诞节吧！
电影放映后，是我们练习英语的提问回答环节。
本活动向公众开放，不包括媒体。媒体如要采访北京美国中心的活动，须提前与美国使馆新闻处取得联系。
This program will be in English; the film will have English subtitles.
Have you ever struggled to believe in something?  Do you wonder why so many children around the world believe in Santa Claus?  Would you like to understand the wonder of Christmas a little better?
With Christmas right around the corner, the Beijing American Center will screen the computer-animated Christmas film “Polar Express”, which is based on Chris Van Allsburg’s children’s book of the same title. Directed by Robert Zemeckis, the film depicts a doubting boy who boards a magic train on Christmas Eve and travels to the North Pole to reaffirm his faith in Christmas. This movie musical was nominated for multiple film awards and its featured song, “Believe,” earned a Grammy Award.
Please join us to celebrate Christmas and watch the BAC’s last movie of 2014!
There will be a short Q&A in English after the movie.
This event is open to the public, not open press. Press inquiries about BAC events should be directed to the U.S. Embassy Press Office. 
*请记住携带有效身份证件进入北京美国中心。请此活动勿携带大包。 
You must bring a valid photo ID in order to get into our Center. No large bags will be allowed into the Beijing American Center for this event. 
出于安全原因，北京美国中心的工作人员保留拒绝任何人进入的权利。 
For Security reasons, the BAC staff reserves the right to refuse entry to anyone. 
地点：朝阳区呼家楼京广中心 2801室北京美国中心 
Location：Jing Guang Center, Suite 2801, Hu Jia Lou, Chaoyang District. 
交通：地铁: 10号6号线，呼家楼站，D出口 
Directions: Metro Line 10 or 6, Hu Jia Lou Exit D, walk south one block to the JingGuang Center 
**如果您想通过邮件收到将来活动的通知，请关注北京美国中心的豆瓣网站: For more BAC event information, follow us on DOUBAN  
现在人人网上也有北京美国中心了： 
NEW!! The BAC is now also on RENREN: 
